We have to look at chat bot,
and the chat bot basically is the thing which we talked about all the time,
the class instance which is moved around through the network.
So let's open this one up and see what's inside.
We have an owned data handle which is the image of
the avatar image which gets displayed in the Graphical User Interface,
we have some non own data handles pointed to the current node at which
the chat bot currently is a pointer to the root node which the chat bot
needs and all of that once he reaches a dead end in the graph where
no answers lead away from to get reassigned to the root node and
we have a pointer to that chat logic which we need in order to
establish the communication interface Then we have
this proprietary function here which helps us to compute
the similarity between a user query and the available keywords in an edge.
So the Levenshtein distance is a measure
which looks at the similarity between two strings.
We won't to look into this implementation here because
it's nothing which is related to memory management.
Of course you're invited to research into it by yourselves but it
doesn't play a role in the task which you have to do here.
Let it suffice to be said that the outputs of the Levenshtein distance computation
is the number of characters which needs to be
changed to convert string number one into string number two.
So If I have two strings,
let's say the user says something,
I want to know more about smart pointers and
an available keyword in an edge is smart pointers.
Then it takes I want to know more,
this is the number of strings which differ between the two strings and the number
of characters inside this first half which is not contained in the second string,
this is going to be return.
So if two strings differ by let's
say eight characters to convert one string into the other,
the output the return value of compute Levenshtein distance is going to be eight.
Obviously if two strings are identical the output is going to be zero.
If you have various options let's say you want to choose the string which is closest to
a user query as we will have to do when
selecting the edge along which to proceed to the next node,
let's say you have three edges which basically are
an option where you have to pick one from,we have a user query and then
all the keywords and all the edges are inputed
to this compute Levenshtein distance function here and
the one with the smallest Levenshtein distance
is the one which is chosen with regard to the best-fitting edge.
So we are looking for similarities here,
and this is why I also can say something like, ''Hi,
my name is Andreas,'' or my name is, let's use your name.
This actually doesn't matter because even though
this surplus in characters leads to a higher Levenshtein distance,
it will nonetheless enable the program to discriminate
between do you want to know more about smart pointers or do you
want to know more about the null pointer because even though the Levenshtein distance in
both cases might be pretty higher let's say 25 and 27,
this difference in two enables it to choose the answer which is fitting better.
Here is a place where something is missing,
at least not in the current implementation but at
least when we get to the implementation of the tasks.
So here is something which you should enter at
some point during your progress through the final project.
Then we have the getters and setters and we have
the communication interface which receives the message from the user.